Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Perfect example that is what we've done with a
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Happy for six months.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Deal and of itself coaching with me in this community for six months.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But we thought, okay, how can we say Chivers new members and existing members, I see you, I hear you. I'm gonna help you get this environment when things are really hard and businesses are struggling to make their bills.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We came up with the crazy low price and just $99 just and do it for six months or six months, you know, troubleshoot
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It wants to support the current one. Right. But what's so cool is it allows us to still run our business still bring in some revenue for our real expenses to operating
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And it's still going to help me wouldn't allow them to have a lower barrier to entry to get into this coaching group in the community that they need, you're going to have a lot of people come in at night.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Long
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And they're gonna launch
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Our
Jerry Howard: Well, I've been better.
Jerry Howard: Ago and my wife got laid off this past Monday. And so for him to move out of the house that we was in until another house as well on the group last time, because only
Jerry Howard: Where I am today because all move out joining gotta go to bed or anything.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How come he had to move so quickly. I know the federal government's putting things in place where you can't be evicted as a result of job loss and
Jerry Howard: It was a way was
Jerry Howard: Random from like a private person, and I guess they're giving it to their grandchild or something and says, you know, we can come up with another hundred dollars a month they had just paid $900 on the second and they call
Jerry Howard: Monday and said that we still owed a balance of $900 and saw that I was trying to get us to pay
Jerry Howard: I mean, it would have been 1800 dollars and I just want
Jerry Howard: Another apartment.
Jerry Howard: A two bedroom apartment.
Jerry Howard: Not far from where I was living
Jerry Howard: more in detail.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Did you have the discussion with your wife is about planning and different things of that nature.
Jerry Howard: Yeah, we actually like she, she said, I wanted to know what exactly like
Jerry Howard: She needed
Jerry Howard: I needed from her.
Jerry Howard: And I just told her you know to be more understanding and to listen to what I have to say. And, you know, just be carrying you know affection about feelings and not just say, you know, just give it to God.
Jerry Howard: flanker that how a situation that it was
Jerry Howard: temporary fixes.
Jerry Howard: Fixing the Problem altogether.
Jerry Howard: She actually started doing was
Jerry Howard: Coming.
Jerry Howard: I'm like I was saying of move in and all that.
Jerry Howard: You know,
Jerry Howard: We sit down and
Jerry Howard: Like my calendar and find all of her payments on all the day and you know it's just made a plan, instead of just you know about it.
Jerry Howard: Yeah, not bad.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Not being passive
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Making sure that you know I'm
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Thank you guys are more active in regards to what those stresses are versus, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Maybe, maybe.
Jerry Howard: Yeah. Not like going
Jerry Howard: Going in and then you know all the truck payment just came out. You know what we're gonna do, you know, now we got a plan.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, I'm sorry to hear that. All of this is going on, but I'm happy to hear that in the midst of that you're finding effective ways to communicate with your spouse.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So that you and her can get on the same page. And that hopefully these skills can be implemented and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All conversations in the force that you can effectively communicate your needs and your thoughts and just be able to discuss that we are open so that you guys will have better communication. What was that experience like for you.
Jerry Howard: As
Jerry Howard: Well,
Jerry Howard: Because we've had this discussion.
Jerry Howard: I'm telling
Jerry Howard: My daughter.
Jerry Howard: Now,
Jerry Howard: As far as why she was handling it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Wasn't
Jerry Howard: Fixing the Problem. It was just fun up and
Jerry Howard: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I mean,
Jerry Howard: I mean after she was understanding and what I was going over, you know, everything was a lot better.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I feel I understand. I mean,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Did you did you draw
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Skills to communicate.
Jerry Howard: Like
Jerry Howard: Wrote down like certain thing then
Jerry Howard: From the skill or whatever. But all this stuff up and I can't really remember what all I know.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Even if you can't remember what she wrote down to remember that experience and how many times you practice the skill. So you mentioned when you sat down with your lady and to talk about it. Did you practice the skill and then the other contact
Jerry Howard: Absolutely.
Jerry Howard: You know, I need that situation. I just
Jerry Howard: You know what I needed from emotional one
Jerry Howard: You know, to be more understanding and then
Jerry Howard: I tried to say it from
Jerry Howard: From her point of view.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, um, what's the plan. So you guys have moved into this two bedroom apartment. Um, do you guys have enough food to get by, like, what
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are their needs at this time.
Jerry Howard: Wow, I've actually
Jerry Howard: Yesterday,
Jerry Howard: I actually got a
Jerry Howard: Day. Bye.
Jerry Howard: That
Jerry Howard: I'm just having to save every time.
She got
Jerry Howard: Hers don't kick off until I think next week.
Jerry Howard: Because she she just hired for this way. It was just for next week, and they're saying, and she's gonna be out of work and feel my 30 my 30th or may 31 and I'm not sure.
Jerry Howard: It was just whenever
Jerry Howard: We're allowed to go back into
Jerry Howard: My work was
And
Jerry Howard: Now,
Jerry Howard: We can't leave the state of New Mexico.
Jerry Howard: And come back.
Jerry Howard: With the core thing for two weeks.
Jerry Howard: Before we can come back.
Jerry Howard: To Mexico.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, did you have an idea of somewhere else you wanted to go
Jerry Howard: Know,
Jerry Howard: About my work.
Jerry Howard: Like that.
Jerry Howard: Though our work.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Um, so, Jerry. There's a lot of patients that are experiencing the job loss.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: From Cobra 19 and so I saw this rap and I thought it was good to just garner some conversation in regards to the impact of this. The question is, who do I want to be during this process. So if you notice here in the stage of fear.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's over buying food the necessities things you may not need
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: After now and worry and anger.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Giving information automatically watching a nuisance obsessively and being impatient right if you're in this dynamic
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This is a stage of fear. Do you identify with any of these characteristics.
Jerry Howard: Of your words.
Jerry Howard: Like a
BlackBerry.
Jerry Howard: I'm
Jerry Howard: So worried you know like
Jerry Howard: It.
Jerry Howard: Was a nice and
Jerry Howard: Tidy
Jerry Howard: And like, wait, we went through and
Jerry Howard: Play and Hulu and
Jerry Howard: Now, now, now while we're
Jerry Howard: Out of both of our checks at the end of the month.
Jerry Howard: Roughly half laughs
Jerry Howard: Because we know like
Jerry Howard: $50 a week.
Jerry Howard: They all have roughly around
Jerry Howard: Four or 500
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What about food stamps. So you are eligible for food stamps.
Jerry Howard: Not really sure, I'm sure.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Identify with when you start to let go of anything that's outside of your control.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This, this is some of the things that we talked about last session identifying your feelings and emotions and then being able to cope with them, minimizing their exposure to the news.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Contemplating and awareness to the changing and helping yourself to manage processing the information and then filtering before just automatically sharing and then understanding that you're doing the best that you can right now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Do you identify with any of these characteristics.
Jerry Howard: Like
Jerry Howard: Letting go of my
Jerry Howard: Friends work. Now that that's out of my control because of the code.
Jerry Howard: NOT WORRIED ABOUT
Jerry Howard: That
Jerry Howard: Because I feel like God wants me to know no matter what I do.
Jerry Howard: Good. Either way, no, um,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Any characteristic here that you don't have, but that you want to work towards
Jerry Howard: Changing
Jerry Howard: Really can't
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Get cultivate awareness to the changing situation and feel better able to manage
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what that means.
Jerry Howard: Is
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Being aware that this situation continues to change. And so in the changing. You're just learning how to manage through the changes.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So, um, you know, that statement of having the awareness and the acceptance to just the thing that you cannot change is being there.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: it aligns with this comment of understanding that you're doing the best you can. So a lot of people have been given on furloughed they lost their job. They don't know when they're expected to report.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I know here in Florida. They keep giving us different days of when the kids may return to school in the back of our minds, all the parents are like these kids are going back to this year.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So it's managing those things. It's, you know, preparing for the long term for the worst case situation and then the bit that it gets better than hey whoa, we'll celebrate that. But
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: From what I'm hearing. You guys are good in the sense that you've already established a budget, you've already eliminated the things that is not a need. At this point, you guys are really focused on just taking care of the needs and not the ones at this
Jerry Howard: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's that's vital because this process is hard for people once take a lot, a lot of our, our long gains and are being right so not being able to access those once. How has that been for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Did you hear me, Jerry.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You're on mute.
Jerry Howard: Bye.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So really you are in this process. Identify your feelings, emotions and being able to cope with.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Stocks feelings about
Jerry Howard: All the stress in life.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Um,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Any outbursts. This week I know you said last week, trying to get your anger aligned was you have some challenges. What was that like for you this week.
Jerry Howard: That you know that stress and whatnot. It's actually been really good for
Jerry Howard: That kind of
Jerry Howard: Guy.
Jerry Howard: Know each other.
Jerry Howard: Because she got a new mattress.
Jerry Howard: And we had some
Jerry Howard: love what I do, or no, I don't bother me. I'm not really sure.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's interesting. So, since you're outbursts. You feel it as a positive shift your step daughter, she's a little more connected with
Jerry Howard: People in her bedroom clean light up ago we had to stop, but she
Jerry Howard: Ever bedroom.
Jerry Howard: Floor.
Jerry Howard: Plan.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The outbursts or after you started spending time with her like building the bed training on
Jerry Howard: Our site our site after I started my when I would go to the store.
Jerry Howard: I would ask her if she would go away.
Jerry Howard: After spending time with me.
Jerry Howard: She was just crying for attention.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And one of that quality time where the time does it, you know, based on doing chores, but it was going out to the stove you building that bed.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There's amazing book. It's called the five love languages by Gary Chapman and he has it for adults, and he has four kids, and he describes how people receive love.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: physical touch acts of service words of affirmation.
Jerry Howard: receiving gifts and qualities, what what what what
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, Gary Chapman, the five love languages.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: He has it for adults. And he also has children.
Jerry Howard: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Girl, and it's pretty cool because even if you Google it, like they have different tasks that you could take so that you could learn your love languages with your
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Wife says take it you gotta take it because they say that all of us have there's five different ways that we give and receive love. And all of us have like a top preference of how we want to be loved these five categories physical touch.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: acts of service means doing things for people like washing dishes washing the car I'm receiving gifts, which is self explanatory, you buying different stuff and it doesn't matter. The price value is just buying gifts quality time
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And words of affirmation.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The premise behind this is that everyone has a primary thing that just makes them feel so loved and connected with other people.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And it would be interesting if you had your step daughter, take the test and find out what really gets her. What makes her feel connected to other people. And if she says quality time when you're right, maybe what she doesn't do certain things. Because really, she just wants to be loved.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And they say that when our love take is like say on he amount for we tend to the plate and my arm are not be the best to be around because we're not getting the love that we want and the type of love that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what's interesting is that for instance Jerry's say if your love language was giving gifts. You may always buy gifts for your wife or for your dog.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But if their love language was words of affirmation of quality time they would be thankful for it, but it wouldn't measure up and wouldn't make them feel connected
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So Google it and take the quiz. I think will be a fun little activity for you guys to do you know why you're all at home and be able to access that and learn more about each other and how you guys give and receive love.
Jerry Howard: Okay, other than others.
Jerry Howard: Wow, I wanted to know what it was.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, it's very interesting. And every now and then you may feel yourself feeling disconnected and then you'll realize my love language is not being filled
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And and that's usually the reason and when each of you have the understanding of Berlin London which is also an additional resource. You could use and communicating and me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So for instance, if you don't feel connected with, you know, your lady instead of saying, how are you close to your, something like that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You could probably say, you know, my love language job whenever it is fill in the blank.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is not being fulfilled, or, you know, I'm feeling like I'm running on he because my love language is not being and so it kind of helps the other person to identify what's the best way to support you and build connections.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The next one I wanted to discuss
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is our faith stage of growth right here.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So this one is think of others and you try to help them. I use my skills and allow other people to benefit from them. I try to live in the present moment.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I have compassion. Compassion towards myself and others. I appreciate and cherish my loved ones I try to be positive and maintain an optimistic outlook. I practice patience creativity enterprise and basic challenges and I cultivate modesty and actively listen to others.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In characteristic dragon identifying the stage of growth within the zoom in for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: At the come out. So it says, I think of others and try to help them.
Jerry Howard: I do that quite often, especially when my lighting and
Jerry Howard: I'm not
Jerry Howard: Sure. I don't know what was called
Jerry Howard: I'm not sure.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I would be a good conversation. A good check in, you know, with her of saying, hey, I noticed that, you know, despite everything that's going on. You been able to be calm. You know what's working for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because then that helps her to the also notice through was feels, am I using to stay calm. And then the next time she gets back into that interest mood. She may recall this time where she was able to exhibit calmness.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This is why we asked these type of questions and therapy because when you happy awareness of a skill set that he used in other times of distress. You can go back to it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oftentimes, we don't we don't recognize to identify how well we're doing in the midst of a trauma, Rob.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So we often look at a neutron presents itself. And we think it's the end of the world are we worry or we get frustrated or we have the outburst, like you mentioned,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But now that you have some tools on the your belt and you realize Blackie communicate that I feel I need. I understand. I can use that. And last time I noticed it was a difference for me. And so the next time you feel like you're getting activated, you would use the same skill.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: If you asked your lady, she would know. Do you think she would be able to identify what's working for her.
Jerry Howard: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Challenges you're having in either the stage of learning the stage of growth or the stage of fear.
Jerry Howard: Probably
Jerry Howard: angry, frustrated and daddy worry all of that. And that's not knowing know what's gonna happen.
Jerry Howard: We've got laid off and
Jerry Howard: I was bringing in over $1,000 a week, and now I'm only bringing up for our
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Refer
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, can I just assure you that this is a natural response to have. There's nothing wrong with the fact that you have anxiety, frustration, where we and that may, that may look like anger.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Anyone in this position in this predicament would be fearful would be anxious, if they weren't. I would say that maybe they lack responsibility and accountability. Right.
Jerry Howard: Those are the care for people that could care.
Less
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So this is while it's not the best state to be in a pattern this anxiety this frustration is worried. I want to show you that, given your situation, it's okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So it's okay to feel this. But what we want to work on is just how we behave with
Jerry Howard: The thought of how
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The feeling of worry the feeling of frustration and anxiety is fine, but the work that you want to have is, okay, how would you respond
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Instead of react to this. How would you respond and you're doing it right now. You should have for individual session, we could have been doing anything else you show them.
Jerry Howard: What the Hell no. I've been on top of that.
Jerry Howard: I've never
Jerry Howard: I've never had.
Jerry Howard: One.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You're resourceful, Jerry. The fact that you would tell them that you have a move out of the place and you were able to get a new place for your family within a matter of days.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's something to to acknowledge you know that, wow, despite everything I'm doing the best that I can, and my best is looking pretty good right now that I can still find a roof over my family's head.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There's some people that are you're saying
Look at it.
Jerry Howard: That's a positive way to look at it, you don't worry as much about
Jerry Howard: It's not really
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, yeah. So, acknowledging that feeling, you know, when you feel it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Just acknowledging. Hey, Jerry. This is really stressful. Right now I'm feeling anxious right now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then once you speak it out, it gives you an opportunity to now saw how am I going to deal with this environment. Am I going to go for a walk.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Am I going to look at my budget, again, that gives me the assurance that I have a plan in place, you know, am I going to see if there's any side work that I can do. Am I going to see whatever resources, I can pull together that is what's going to be the comfort right now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The anxiety and frustration and the worry probably won't go away until you actually start working again because you've been working taking a lot of pride in the work that you do and how you provide for your family. That's okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When you have these feelings you acknowledge it. You give it a number so that you can separate yourself from it because Jerry is not anxious to Jerry has some thoughts. That's creating the feeling of anxiety. That sounds totally different from Jerry is anxious right now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because that gives the anxiety power over you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, so that's what I want you to do this. Whenever you have that feeling of fear, anxiety or frustration, given a number
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: On the scale of one to 10 how how anxious. Do I feel, given the number. Look at that number and then say it. For example, if you're at a six. What can I do right now to bring my anxiety tool for
Jerry Howard: Something reason
Jerry Howard: Why, my channel that Russia. Russia.
Jerry Howard: Body.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Give it a number, give it a reasonable number because right now thinking that the anxiety of the frustration of the worries going to go to a zero back not reasonable. All of us, even those that have jobs and security, the enzyme to the frustration, the worries, not having zero
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because of everything that's going on. So give yourself grace and know strive for a number that's more feasible if you're at a six think how can I get to a four. And when you get to that for celebrate that for
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because that gives you the power to know that you can regulate your own emotion. You're in control, not the emotion.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right. So these are the these are the emotions you want to monitor this fear, anxiety, frustration, worry. And as you said, these are the ones. Is there one either like two or three that you're feeling the most at this time.
Jerry Howard: I'm
Jerry Howard: Sorry brush.
Jerry Howard: Over
Jerry Howard: The top three
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, so you put all those up worry, anxiety, frustration, you put three columns and then you put your roles to put your bros, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then you do a self check. Today's Tuesday, right, was it was it Wednesday.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Of my days. Okay, it's Tuesday.
So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah. So you look at it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You look at the time, and you say, all right, it's Tuesday. Let me see. It's very worried your frustration here. And if it is, give it that number write down the number and then whatever that number is strive to make it lower but whatever seems most practical for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then if you're able to get to that number.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Put something that represents you celebrating a thumbs up a checkmark whatever that looks like for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because you want to be over a period of time. By the time you get to Sunday. I want you to be able to look at each day of the week and see what emotions were present.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I want you to be able to celebrate and receive whatever symbol you choose that Jeremy was able to get his number lower
Jerry Howard: So like for example I could I could like a Malik.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, that would be good. You can you imagine at the end of the week if you saw that you had anger, where you frustration throughout the week.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That even despite all of that you have three happy faces that would make me look and say, wow, despite all of that I was able to get it together on three occasions.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Not as bad as I thought it was
Jerry Howard: Because I'm, I'm really bad about my anger.
Temper
Jerry Howard: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For you, the worry
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The frustration.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The anger.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Or a
roadie
Jerry Howard: What was the
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Emotion, you know, what was the third emotion you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Chose was it anger or anxiety.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Anxiety.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: wrote it down just to kind of give you that little visual of what it would look like the different
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then the roles and then here you can write down the numbers in each of the grid. Only if it's applicable if Monday, you have another worry
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Good. Let's put a happy face you know if Tuesday. There were some type of feeling that you have right the number write the number down and then I want you to then fail if I'm at a six or a seven. How do I get lower
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then once you do not ever the skill that you choose. Write down the number that you were able to get at.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: If you didn't work for the walkies whatever was and you're still out of seven. Write it down.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because that's going to show you that whatever you did, didn't work.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We gotta go again and try a different skill.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Real quick. I just wanted to look at your treatment plan.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: See how the progress that you're making lots of progress with just the awareness of the emotions analysis getting some practical skills under your belt.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So that with this awareness, you have the skills to regulate those emotions. So I'm your treatment plan does. You want to be done with drug use.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You've been attending group consistently when you're able to been attending individual therapy consistently on developing a relapse prevention plan.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How do you feel about your sobriety. Right.
Jerry Howard: Good.
Jerry Howard: Luck.
Jerry Howard: This week when I knew when I found that way we don't have to move. And then my lady got
Jerry Howard: I'm
Jerry Howard: Craving alcohol. So instead of acting urges
Jerry Howard: Got my lady to come with me, and we just drove around, you know, like a mile or two.
Jerry Howard: Clear that and then we came back.
Jerry Howard: And
Jerry Howard: Understand that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In that moment was a red flag thought the thought was that, you know, you were justifying if you do the alcohol is not a big deal because it uses not drones.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So the good thing is you cut you cut it and questioned it in the challenge that thought that one only been like alcohol that's never been my drug of choice. Where is this coming from and then you went to the next coping skill distraction.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then he took it a step further. He activated. Your support system, your girlfriend. Do you see that series of that is relapse prevention plan like right there.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That is what we want all of our clients to do
Jerry Howard: I mean, I didn't really, I really noticed that you just pointed out.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, that's what we want to celebrate that is what we strive for our patients to do
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I have a trigger really this trigger is my red flag five trying to justify why it's OK to use right now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so the addict brain says who's not drugs or alcohol.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You because of the RP because of the therapy and the emotional awareness, you realize, Oh no, I don't want to do that. So you activate it, you're sober brain.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You're sober brain reminded you extraction tools and who your support system was and utilize how to allow the adult brain keep speaking to you and we'll have convinced you that alcoholism is ok because it's natural.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then, then keep that show in that guilt.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Shame. And that guilt would have presented itself in the would have been a vicious cycle all over again. So congratulations that you were able to to do that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That she wants to have a better relationship with your sister, but I think we talked about her much
Jerry Howard: Can
Jerry Howard: And, you know, my mom, my
Jerry Howard: Dad. Everybody worship the ground. Now she she walked down, it says they found out that I was using drugs, just because she went to college and got her license you know she has other
Jerry Howard: Drugs.
Jerry Howard: But, you know,
Jerry Howard: She just had this last one.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And he
Jerry Howard: She's been really addicted to ambient
Jerry Howard: Voice
Jerry Howard: And I know she died. She should just go with a kid right yeah she put me down for you know what I've done. I'm not just fine.
Jerry Howard: Wow.
Jerry Howard: You know we got
Jerry Howard: Somebody
Jerry Howard: That pain.
Memory.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So where are you in your relationship with your sister today.
Jerry Howard: I don't know what happened.
Jerry Howard: At all.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, need to do. I was asking, where are you today in your relationship with your sister.
Jerry Howard: I mean,
Jerry Howard: We're talking like I have to make an effort to call her before she all talk to me like she don't just call me out of the out of the flow, unless it's something beneficial to her, or once you need
Jerry Howard: So it's pretty much like
Jerry Howard: I only want something there. We when I need something. Are you or
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Your daughter decision on the region custody of us that
Jerry Howard: Are not a lawyer.
I'm just
Jerry Howard: About the money. It's called play Bob Graham.
Because
Jerry Howard: Today,
Jerry Howard: And I'm a lawyer because the grandmother as
Jerry Howard: Over and she the Warren Commission are there. So she's got the job. She got everybody and her pocket. Now she afford. My name is Mayra when I got locked up.
Jerry Howard: For her daughter by they found needles in her daughter's like a guy. And just because my mom calls the cops and day and says, and I might hold on, say they cut it all off on me. So
Jerry Howard: Last over without me know and she said that they, for the time being, I had to temporarily
Jerry Howard: Temporary rats over just for she was able to take her to the doctor and math.
Jerry Howard: and I were both born
Jerry Howard: I just want to watch my name and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jerry Howard: It's a little bit bigger situation that we're
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In right now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know it's self preservation. It's making sure that you get those needs employees. So this and trying to save up for this this custody battle and give yourself some grace in that right you're doing the best that you can still
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Gonna take you a while to get to that. That's okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's okay, you get to that goal. Eventually, you'll be able to get the legal support that.
Jerry Howard: And
Jerry Howard: Right now I get
Jerry Howard: I get the video chatter
Jerry Howard: And on my wall and we normally
Jerry Howard: Video Chat three or four times a day.
Jerry Howard: On the phone.
Jerry Howard: You know, a couple times a day.
Jerry Howard: So, I mean, it's not like
Jerry Howard: I'm not having any kind of content.
Yeah.
Jerry Howard: You know,
Jerry Howard: No.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We're good. You're seeing you're seeing the light at the end of the tunnel this assembly line in this. Yes. You don't have custody of her, but you have access. And that's important. Right now I'm in nutrition triggers that you've identified for yourself emotional relationship.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You realize that now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Added mind might try to do with alcohol. Anything else to add it brain has been saying to you.
Jerry Howard: Like
Jerry Howard: When I got that brown recluse spider.
Jerry Howard: I wrote that prescription
Jerry Howard: For
Jerry Howard: Different words but it was coming down and I didn't know what it was until I actually got it failed. I didn't know. But the addiction.
Jerry Howard: Brian was like, you know, go ahead and type them. Nobody ever now or
Jerry Howard: You know,
Jerry Howard: Kind of make your life a whole lot better.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jerry Howard: Like I tell my lady. I was like, you know, I can tell is my addiction kind of talked me into it.
Jerry Howard: And I don't want it.
Jerry Howard: So, you know, you just
Jerry Howard: Do whatever little I'm not really sure what's going on, but I don't have all
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: My sins, like you making good progress with your goals and then any new goals that you want to have to treatment plan short term or long term goals.
Jerry Howard: Yeah.
Jerry Howard: My own house.
Jerry Howard: You know,
Jerry Howard: I could afford
Jerry Howard: Mortgage or something.
Jerry Howard: How that we do what we played class and I have to worry about all as we stretch the wall. We're gonna be fine for that or
You know, whatever.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So yeah, you're already, you already identify some steps it will take for that building up your credit so that you can be financially stable enough and have a good credit score you can move into
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Sounds good. Sounds like a good plan you doing good work, Jerry, remind yourself of that when you're feeling frustrated about everything that's not working.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Remind yourself of what's working well for you and that you're really doing is that you can in that your best that's really good to
Jerry Howard: Hear
Jerry Howard: Somebody tell me.
Jerry Howard: What
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Your questions are lingering thoughts for me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I see you on Monday.
Jerry Howard: Have a you have a good night.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You too. Bye bye.